the way I socialized various, depending on where I'm at. When I was in
the, um, active duty, I only had a couple of friends. We would actually
used to live with one and basically just work. Um, maybe we're
separate, or maybe we're together, but, you know, it varied, but we
both go home together, And we, um you know, you only have a drink. You
know, Netflix goto bars and pools and things like that, but at other
places, um, for instance, like when I'm in the Navy Reserve, Um,
you generally, once work is over, you just go home to your to your
family. Um, you just see each other for those couple of days out of
the month. Um, sometimes when I'm on A T and your training for the Navy
Reserve Um, let's see, I packed my bags up, put on my uniform, and
I work for the Navy at a shipyard for two whole weeks. Uh, that's
when you develop a lot of report as a reservists. That's when you're
all there together to come there as ah, you know, 12 person group
may be different. Um, rates. So there's a mechanic over here and electrician's
over there. But generally on the weekends we find some something
with NWR to go do together we go to soccer festival. If we're
in Japan, we go. We gather up all the troops up together on a Saturday.
We visit Boston if we're in, uh, in New Hampshire, Um, yeah. We
generally find things to do outside of work on t help us grow together.